# Superscript+ — 2022 Congressional App Challenge TX-15 winner

"When asked what inspired the creation of Superscript+, the student said, 'I have always disliked block coding. Most concepts learned through block coding are hard to apply to text-based coding. Realizing these struggles, I decided to create an app that teaches an easier, high-level programming language. Our world is becoming more and more technological, and I believe that it is crucial that the next generation of coders have an easier, more efficient, and accessible way to learn code.'

"The Congressional App Challenge smashed previous participation records in 2022. All told, 9,011 students registered for this year’s competition – creating 2,707 fully-functioning apps for 335 Members of Congress across 50 states, Puerto Rico, Guam, the Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and the District of Columbia. This year’s competition set the record for most student registrations, most apps submitted, most apps per district submitted, and most districts receiving over 20 apps. The wildly successful competition continues to impress upon House Members the importance of computer science education and the need to develop a pipeline of diverse, domestic STEM talent.


"The Congressional App Challenge is an official initiative of the U.S. House of Representatives, where Members of Congress host contests in their districts for middle school and high school students, encouraging them to learn to code and inspiring them to pursue careers in computer science. Each participating Member of Congress selects a winning app from their district, and each winning team is invited to showcase their winning app to Congress during our annual #HouseOfCode festival. The program is a public-private partnership made possible through funding from Omidyar Network, AWS, Rise, theCoderSchool, Apple, and others." (https://www.congressionalappchallenge.us/22-TX15/)
